Refactor to provider independent modules (#652)
uyuni-project/sumaform: backend_modules/libvirt/README.md

 - run `terraform init` to make sure Terraform has detected all modules
 - run `terraform apply` to actually have the VMs set up!

> ## Libvirt backend specific variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## libvirt backend specific variables
```

> Each module has it's own specific properties for the libvirt backend, which could be specified in `provider_settings` variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most modules have configuration settings specific to the libvirt backend, those are set via the `provider_settings` map variable. They are all described below.
```

### Base module

>  * `pool`

Reviewer: We need some description for all of these. A starting point could be the text in the now-removed variables.

 * `network_name`
 * `bridge`
 * `additional_network`

> ### Host module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Host modules
```

> Applies to all modules that use host modules: server, proxy, client. controller, grafana, minion, mirror, sshminion and virthost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following settings apply to all modules that create one or more hosts of the same kind, such as `suse_manager`, `suse_manager_proxy`, `client`, `grafana`, `minion`, `mirror`, `sshminion` and `virthost`.
```

Note: `controller` should not really be used directly, and we still use `suse_manager`/`suse_manager_proxy` here (IIUC!).

>  * `memory = <N>` to set the machine's RAM to N MiB

Reviewer: Consider turning this to a table, with columns for variable name, type, description, example.

Hint: http://www.tablesgenerator.com/markdown_tables#

 * `vcpu = <N>` to set the number of virtual CPUs
 * `running = <boolean>` to keep libvirt host turned on/off. This is useful if you want to keep the instance around (ie. not destroying it) but not to consume resources.
 * `mac = <String>` mac address to be associated with the host

>  * `additional_disk = []` any additional disks that should be attached to the host

Reviewer: We should explain what sructure is expected here / provide an example.

 * `cpu_model = <Sring>` cpu model that should be used in the host
 * `xslt = <path to file>` XSLT file to be associated with the host

> ### Pxe boot module

Reviewer: What is the need to keep this separate from the host module? My expectation would have been that we could get rid of it, but maybe I am overlooking something.

```hcl
module "virthost" {

>   source = "./modules/virthost"

Reviewer: IIUC there is no reason not to have those on other backends. Could it be this section is not `libvirt`-specific any more now? Is there something I am missing maybe?

Author: You are correct. I will move it to advanced documentation.
